README.md, before:

# Budget app

> Budget app is about building a mobile web application where you can manage your budget: you have a list of transactions associated with a category, so that you can see how much money you spent and on what.

## Live demo
[Live demo link](https://sweet-phoenix-8fed08.netlify.app/)

## Built With

- RUBY
- RUBY ON RAILS
- Devise

## Gems Used

- Rubocop
- RAILS (v7)

## How to Setup

> You can simply clone or download [this repository](https://github.com/mahbubul14/budget_app.git), and use your favorite browser or code editor to run this program.

- To open this project using vs code ( for this example) or your favorite code editor, you can follow the guide below:
  > in your cmd or command line navigate to where this project is located, then:

```bash
cd budget_app
```

> thereafter run

```bash
code .
```

## How to Run the App through terminal

- To run the application through trminal, make sure ruby and rails is installed in your computer then follow the guide below:
  > in your cmd or command line navigate to where this project is located, then;

```cmd
cd budget_app
```

## Install Gems


```bash
bundle install
```

> thereafter run the below command to start the server on localhost

```bash
rails s 
```
## Set up database
> to create databases on your local machine follow the steps below :
1. First make sure that postgresql installed on your machine
2. make sure that postgresql server is runninng 
3. run the following command to create database on your machine
  ```bash
  rake db:create
  ```
  ### Update schema file and database
  - To run the migration files to update schema and databse simply run the following command :
  ```bash
  rails db:migrate
  ```

## Author

👤 **Mahbub Alam**

- GitHub: [@mahbubul14](https://github.com/mahbubul14)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/mahbubul_14)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mahbubul14/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

Commit message:

Update license and live demo link

README.md, after:

# Budget app

> Budget app is about building a mobile web application where you can manage your budget: you have a list of transactions associated with a category, so that you can see how much money you spent and on what.

## Live demo
[Live demo link](https://budgetvio-app.herokuapp.com/)

## Built With

- RUBY
- RUBY ON RAILS
- Devise

## Gems Used

- Rubocop
- RAILS (v7)

## How to Setup

> You can simply clone or download [this repository](https://github.com/mahbubul14/budget_app.git), and use your favorite browser or code editor to run this program.

- To open this project using vs code ( for this example) or your favorite code editor, you can follow the guide below:
  > in your cmd or command line navigate to where this project is located, then:

```bash
cd budget_app
```

> thereafter run

```bash
code .
```

## How to Run the App through terminal

- To run the application through trminal, make sure ruby and rails is installed in your computer then follow the guide below:
  > in your cmd or command line navigate to where this project is located, then;

```cmd
cd budget_app
```

## Install Gems


```bash
bundle install
```

> thereafter run the below command to start the server on localhost

```bash
rails s 
```
## Set up database
> to create databases on your local machine follow the steps below :
1. First make sure that postgresql installed on your machine
2. make sure that postgresql server is runninng 
3. run the following command to create database on your machine
  ```bash
  rake db:create
  ```
  ### Update schema file and database
  - To run the migration files to update schema and databse simply run the following command :
  ```bash
  rails db:migrate
  ```

## Author

👤 **Mahbub Alam**

- GitHub: [@mahbubul14](https://github.com/mahbubul14)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/mahbubul_14)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mahbubul14/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed  and special credit to [ Gregoire Vella on Behance](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella) for this template under [the Creative Commons license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/) .
